Uh [music]
Uh e2re 5 0 It's the first time here, it's home
[Music] You said you started over there
If you’re tall, you’ll have a year in your arms. It’s 1p better than God’s clothes
The analogy of what was in the age of hair is also exploding.
Oh, when you know, when you know, compare the sex of a student.
People in the US say that they are sharing a room with their grandmother, but quickly o Ike, maybe she is like that
Since it's a small country kid, it's really shooting status
We’re going to do a different room. You can think about what we did for Red.
I don’t have to see my dad do something.
Ner u [music]
woo celery doesn’t have a long texture
Believe
Wow, I hate our rice wall, why is it like this sicca [music]
It's easy to cook, but he went to America and saved someone. [Music]
outer
[Music] Oh
Pretty Boy Pretty Boy y Definitely After Overseas
Ugh that
[music]